before we begin let me start by saying
oh
the title of this movie says it's going
to be scary i might need me a odometer
cuddle up too
or sam wheat or both don't look at me
like that molly gonna do it then y'all
gonna think it's sweet but when i say it
it's creepy
the stars of our movie today are
some hots with a perfect some hot ass
who's a perfect
oh lordy gi jane she was hot and scary
like this movie
and sister dolores van cartier
take me to church baby play
a store begins with these hotties molly
jensen and sam wheat
along with their friend carl bruno
repairing their new apartment in
manhattan which will be the first space
the lovely couple
occupies together before tragedy
inevitably strikes
and no carl bruno you are not invited
this a b relationship and you can see
your way out you already know what's on
carl bruno's mind
seeing his way into molly's pants and
into a new lamborghini
and sam wheat's like i think you better
finish paying off your hoop dick
and carl brenda's like i will as soon as
prospect plays willie step
up whoop wasn't supposed to say that you
see carl bruno is not only a good friend
but he is also an employee at the bank
where sam wheat makes all his bank
see hello black book they ain't got the
numbers of sam reid's pooty stash oh no
that book has something way more
valuable the numbers to access bank
accounts which contain large sums of
money which carl bruno desperately needs
thanks for showing us how you carried in
your wallet sam wheat there may be
useful information in a few minutes
when you die in bed that night sam wheat
tells molly he has a feeling of
impending doom
and he says whenever anything good in my
life happens i'm afraid i might lose it
oh no sam weed no no no it's not going
away
you are later molly can't sleep so she
gets up to do a little work
she's an artist and sam wheat sits down
beside her like
you want to slip your hands around my
vase y'all all know this scene right
they had the clay on them but then they
suddenly get clean and then get all
dirty
what in the world must aston could you
have thought watching this scene
all right he ain't born yet i'd like to
think his 12 year old self was thinking
as soon as my huevos drop imma get me a
woman just like that
so back at the bank sam we worried and
call bruno walk in like he don't know
what's going on
and sam weed is like there's too much
money in these accounts
so carl bruno is like where are you
molly going tonight old ballet
good i need to know so i can tell
prospect place willie because he's
coming to give y'all a thrilling
sam wheat i hope you like that shirt and
then molly and sam have this romantic
conversation where molly says
i always tell you i love you and then
all you say is ditto and sometimes folk
need to hear the words because they
don't entertainment
oh [ __ ] here's prospect place willie
coming to wreck this romance we better
get the gun out of this
and he asked for the wallet and sam we
won't give it to him because his dumb
bit
carries the bank code book and his
wallet to the ballot i mean ballet
and then willie hits millie i mean molly
and now you're going to get the same
weak beat but will he pull out the heat
and really make your body chilly
but sam we didn't get the memo the man
is always the last to know
see sam thought when you died you just
blacked out i bet a lot of y'all think
that too but this movie here about to
show you a little something
and god is like you coming bit i can't
keep this door open on me damn day
look at sam shark just that there's life
after love or that you can still love
after life or
whatever and he just wanted his paw
daddy around the hospital thinking
is that how a nice night out with my
woman ends me sitting next to my own
smelly corpse talking to this other
ghost smelling like denture grip
this is a sh week ending up at your own
funeral and you can't even wear black
can't drink some booze and get face to
deal with your own death gotta watch
carl bruno trying to see his way into
the main code book in your woman's pants
watch the man that killed you walk into
your apartment and how the hell he'd be
walking up them steps
my guess is because you can't have a
ghost movie with a ghost be falling
straight through the flow
and sam follows willie onto the train
where he meets another very paranoid
ghost
and then follows willie up to his
prospect place and samweet's like
who you gonna call oh this [ __ ] getting
too dark
you know what this video needs another
comedian
see when you did you got a lot of time
on your hands you know eternity has a
sense of foreverness sounds boring
really and so sam we moses on over to
this parlor where he meets oda mae brown
spiritual reader and advisor who's been
making money making people believe that
she has a gift she doesn't think she has
but when she finds out she's got it she
realizes she don't want it but because
she can only hear sam she can't be wooed
by patrick's perfect ballet buttocks
and he must therefore convince her to go
tell molly he knows who killed him by
singing her a lovely song
she's like the wind through my
tree it may sound beautiful when i do it
but after she have to hear it all night
it gets a little old the next day she
goes to mali and explains all this crazy
to her but molly don't believe her and
sam's like yeah well
tell her you know about how we once got
busy in a burger king bathroom
and say ditto a lot so once ottamey has
molly's trust sam wheat tells ottomay
brown to tell molly jensen that she
endangered girl and
he was killed by 303 prospect place
willie lopez and odama brown is like
oh hell no and seize her way out of this
later miley jensen tells carl bruno
about ottoman brown and sam wheat
follows carl bruno to 303 prospect place
willie
okay hold the hell up pause how the hell
does sandwich get in there
i don't think he could ride in that car
i think if he tried to ride in that hoop
they called bruno would take off and the
car would go right through sam wheat and
he'd just be left sitting there in the
street in a puddle of motor oil like a
lonely douche
and then they walk in and what the [ __ ]
willie lopez is like oh what up carl
bruno and carl bruno is like
you've been having a special sounds with
some spiritual honey i don't think a
ghost has a stomach
but if it did there would definitely be
a sandwich sandwich spewing
and prospect place willie makes some bad
jokes and carl bruno says
don't you know if i [ __ ] this up i don't
get my money so i need you to find this
ultimate brown and
do your thing and sam we tried to beat
the hell out of carl bruna but you a
ghost dummy
well molly goes to the po-po for help
and as usual just like any government
employee
you'd have better luck trying to give a
ghost to riding your hooped it but at
least that would be entertaining
and while molly's hoping for help from
the pointless po-po carl bruno goes to
the apartment and steals the code he
needs to complete his crime
and transfers all the money from the
fake accounts into one account under the
name rita miller
and gets instructions from his crime
buddies on when and where to send the
money
looking for sam wheat oda mae brown's
profile was full of her other names
and her history of using those names to
steal money so carl bruno tries to see
his way into molly's pants
and sam wheat finds out that the best
way to move is to witness another man
trying to move his woman
and sam remembers and seeks the training
of that paranoid poltergeist and mr
psycho spirit is like
do you think that my being stronger or
faster has
anything to do with my muscles in this
place
do you think that's air you're breathing
now now sam we can move
with his mind and he's thinking i might
soon be going to heaven but before i do
there will be hell to pay
and sam week goes back to ottoman brown
where he finds that word of her
abilities has been heard through the
ghost grapevine
and one ghost gets impatient but i don't
know why i mean what's he in a rush to
do and otamey brown finds out that not
only can she heal the dead
but she can also be possessed by them so
long story short samweed gets ultimate
brown to make a fake id and pretend to
be rita miller
where she says finish like gas i get a
little gas from time to time
and four million dollars and then molly
sees oda may on the way out of the bank
and then sam weed makes ultimate give
the money to sister mary moses and the
moses
i will follow him follow him wherever he
may go all of that just as carl bruno
was about to transfer the money to the
criminals and he starts panicking and
then he gets
really really freaked the [ __ ] out when
samweed is like hi
carl it's me sam guess what i'm not
really dead
well he is dead but he's enjoying every
minute of this because you know he's
thinking who the hell i'mma be able to
spook in heaven
and carl bruno goes to molly's and molly
tells carl bruno that oda mae brown was
at the bank today
and then she found out her real name is
rita miller and don't that look like the
face of a man who just filled his shorts
full of something stinky
and sam we just keep [ __ ] with him
and carl bruno threatens to kill molly
unless odometer brown coughs up to four
million dollars
and then carl bruno and prospect plays
willy go to odama's apartment and sam
wheat is having none of this
and prospect place willie body go chilly
and don't he look like he could use a
pepto pilli
and i'm just about to stop doubting all
this afterlife business because i don't
want the shadows coming alive and
dragging my
down to the underground imagine poor
broke willie spending eternity in hell
and just to add insult to injury in
goodwill duds
so oldamay brown goes to molly and tells
of the tales from the crypt
and then oda mae agrees to let sam we
possess her body so he can touch her
and i'm just like patrick honey no not
with them nails
you had a better manicure and two wrong
food then carl bruno shows up but sam
wheat's ghostly body is weakened by the
celestial energy it took to inhabit a
human body
but just in time he has the energy to
write the conclusion of the [ __ ] up carl
bruno show
and now look at you carl bruno you said
sorry sack of something
you don't gone and killed your best
friend and your damn self now living
hell forever in that ugly [ __ ] tide
refill what you sow now huh [ __ ] then
sam we says are you two all right
and molly's like duh [ __ ]
then the stairway to heaven opens up and
everybody can see sam wheat's ethereal
ass
and sam we tell molly he loves her and
then molly just say
ditto miley justin you calling it
samweet's dead body
and sam gives up the ghost damned be
sure to like share and subscribe for
your regular fix of meth
i plan to keep this channel around i'll
jump damn eternity to see if i can make
enough money to buy my own hoopty
you can expect me to upload more videos
often in my quest to make my own four
million dollars
for moyes explained for i'm
jeb oh die
can you imagine the variety of clothes
in the afterlife
1920s lady bloomers with pockets
alongside somebody that died wearing
hammer pants
that must be a trip